[14.0][ADD] account_fiscal_position_stock_move (#239)
OCA/account-fiscal-rule: account_fiscal_position_stock_move/readme/USAGE.rst

> Fiscal position applys on stock moves with product with realtime valuation only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fiscal position applies on stock moves only for products with realtime valuation.
```
